reading1 1-7
这张图片包含一段关于摄影师玛格丽特·伯克-怀特（Margaret Bourke-White）及其摄影风格的论述。以下是为您识别并整理的全部文字内容：

文章正文
Although the photographic documentation of social ills was not a new phenomenon in the 1930s, the genre was undergoing considerable transformation under the pressure of the Great Depression. One work of particular importance is You Have Seen Their Faces (1937), a book of photographs of Depression-era tenant farmers in the southern United States taken by Margaret Bourke-White, with accompanying text by writer Erskine Caldwell. Bourke-White deliberately sought to embellish her depiction of the miseries of the tenant farmer with an overtly theatrical style. She relied on careful, deliberate posing of subjects, the use of tripods, high-quality lenses, and floodlights, and the meticulous production of flawless negatives. Her photographs of sharecroppers give unmistakable expression to anger and indignation, relentlessly emphasizing the terrible consequences of deprivation.

However, the equipment and techniques that defined Bourke-White's style were becoming outmoded by the mid-1930s. Photojournalists had begun to prize and cultivate a more subtle—and to them far more revealing—style, which consisted in letting what the camera recorded "speak for itself." In this view the photographer was merely a witness behind the lens, not a social theorist using photography as a medium of ideological expression. This movement in photojournalism, called the New Style, was spurred on by the increasing popularity among its adherents of the lightweight 35-mm camera, which they believed far more capable than the big cameras favored by Bourke-White of delivering natural, spontaneous images, and hence a more "realistic" view of the world.

Not surprisingly, adherents of the New Style criticized Bourke-White's photojournalism as being too calculated and melodramatic to deliver an honest and effective account of the plight of people during the Depression. But Bourke-White offered a compelling justification for her approach. She was of the opinion that the reporting of so-called facts could not fail to be colored by the personal bias of the photojournalist, who must make many aesthetic decisions in the capturing of even a spontaneous image. Despite this she strove to reach objective insight with the camera. This apparent contradiction was resolved in Bourke-White's ideas of what constitutes the truth in a photographic image. Truth was to be found not so much in the physical details recorded on film, she held, but in what such details could, through the photographer's orchestration, readily and appropriately be taken to symbolize. For example, given adequate cuing within the photograph as a whole, a grinning man with a cigar could be taken to symbolize corrupt political leaders, while an image of plow blades could be taken to symbolize an entire plow factory. It is for this reason that Bourke-White chose to portray her subjects in a deliberately dramatic but instantly graspable way. For Bourke-White, the presentation of so-called unembellished fact could express truth no more than an undeciphered text could enlighten historians.

reading2 8-14
已经为您将图片中的文本转录如下：

Passage A
The vast majority of purchase agreements that individuals sign with corporations contain "boilerplate"—standardized language designed to be used repeatedly. It is widely agreed that consumers generally fail to read boilerplate contracts. Most law and economics analysts worry that this leads to a problem in that consumers are uninformed about the content of these contracts, and so sellers have no incentive to make them more favorable to consumers than necessary. However, some scholars maintain that a certain minority of consumers will read the contracts carefully. And because sellers do not want to lose these informed consumers as customers, they offer reasonably favorable boilerplate contracts to all. On this view, the "informed minority" functions as a guardian of the interests of all consumers.

To what extent this line of reasoning succeeds is ultimately an empirical question, and one that may have different answers for different markets. There are at least two good reasons, however, to find the informed-minority argument unpersuasive. First, the obstacles to reading and understanding boilerplate contracts are so formidable that the existence of a sufficiently large informed minority seems highly unlikely.

Second, the existence of an informed minority will protect uninformed consumers only if sellers cannot discriminate between informed and uninformed consumers. Where such discrimination is feasible, sellers can retain informed consumers as customers by offering them favorable contract terms while continuing to offer unfair and one-sided terms to uninformed consumers. Given that both online and offline merchants increasingly have the means to collect information about their customers, the assumption that they are unable to distinguish between informed and uninformed customers is problematic.

Passage B
Although the "informed minority" argument has been influential in the law and economics literature, there has been no systematic empirical analysis of its validity. We set out to investigate this issue in a particular market. Specifically, we examined the extent to which potential buyers of software read End User License Agreements (EULAs), which are contracts containing boilerplate terms that govern the use of software products. For a sample of software companies who offer their products online, we used potential buyers' browsing behavior to study their "readership" of the EULA. We tracked 48,154 visitors to 90 software companies over a period of one month. For each user we observed the exact sequence of web pages accessed in a particular visit and the time spent on each page. The data collected also includes detailed demographic characteristics of each user.

Our main finding is that regardless of how strictly we define a potential buyer, only about one or two in a thousand potential buyers accessed a product's EULA for at least one second. That figure is much, much smaller than the required informed minority size in realistic market settings and theoretical examples suggested in the literature. Such a small number of contract readers would seem to cast doubt on the existence of an informed minority of a size sufficient to police against one-sided terms, at least in the context of software sold online.


reading3 15-22

The following passage is adapted from an article published in 2018.

In March 2017, the High Court of Uttarakhand, a state in India, granted legal rights to the Ganges and Yamuna rivers, declaring them to be "legal persons." Legal personhood is a status conferred upon certain entities, such as corporations or sovereign states, typically granting them some (but not all) of the rights, duties, and liabilities of individual humans. Among other things, legal personhood enables these entities to bring lawsuits in court and to enter into and enforce contracts. Extending legal personhood to natural objects is a groundbreaking legal development in favor of the environment. Traditionally, a legal action aimed at protecting the environment is legitimate only insofar as it is grounded in a human's own legally recognized interests. The Court's ruling, however, now allows nature's interests to be directly represented in legal actions, with harms to nature being legally recognized regardless of any accompanying harm to humans.

Some of the details of the Court's ruling nevertheless potentially undermine the impact of this development. Consider that the Court did not stop at granting certain limited legal rights; it went further in granting the rivers "all corresponding rights, duties and liabilities of a living person." This ruling neglects to consider that rights appropriate for humans, or even for corporations, may be inappropriate for natural objects. After all, natural objects should not be considered responsible, and hence liable, for how they act. The state government has already objected, for example, that the ruling opens the door to lawsuits against the rivers for damages caused by flooding. If rights are not tailored to the particular kind of natural object in question, we could have the absurd situation where a natural object would be liable for harming another natural object—for example, a tree could raise a legal claim against an insect for eating its leaves.

Moreover, even if the Court hadn't gone as far as it did, there are questions about the ruling's basis. The Court based its ruling, in part, on the Constitution of India, which enshrines a duty to protect the environment. Because the rivers' ecosystems have been severely degraded due to ongoing pollution, the Court argued that the rivers require protection. But that duty is broadly defined and does not clearly warrant the conferral of new rights to nature. Perhaps for this reason, the Court also appealed to a fundamental moral duty to protect nature. Though a potentially powerful precedent, the Court held that this moral duty stems from the rivers being "sacred and revered" to Hindus. Because the rivers are not explicitly sacred to many others in India, this rationale provides only a shaky foundation for the rivers' rights.


reading4 23-27

以下是图片中英文全文的识别与整理：

There are two general theories of the origin of petroleum, a generic collective term for crude oil, natural gas, and asphalt. Biogenic theory holds that petroleum derives from organic materials, namely the plant and animal matter found in sedimentary rocks in the earth's crust. In contrast, abiogenic theory posits an inorganic origin, attributing the formation of petroleum to interactions among fluids and gases associated with molten rock, which rises from beneath the earth's crust and hardens to form igneous rock. Since the 1920s, when crude oil was found to contain porphyrins, compounds then thought to derive exclusively from chlorophyll and other organic substances, biogenic theory has held sway; scientists believed porphyrins could not form in igneous rocks, which contain little or no organic matter. Biogenic theory has also been viewed as successful in providing an account that accommodates two important characteristics of petroleum: its highly nonuniform distribution among the different rock types that compose the earth's crust, and its tendency to migrate through rock vertically and horizontally. Recent research findings, however, call biogenic theory into question, warranting reconsideration of the abiogenic alternative.

Current biogenic theory holds that petroleum originates through processes acting on organic-rich materials in sedimentary rocks, which are formed from surface sediments containing organic matter. Exiting these rocks via microfractures, petroleum migrates extremely slowly through the earth's crust until trapped in reservoirs formed by obstacles, such as impenetrable rock, blocking its path. Evidence traditionally cited for the biogenic theory includes the relative abundance of petroleum in sedimentary rock contrasted with its scarcity in igneous rock. Additional supporting evidence includes the extensive presence of petroleum-like substances in surface sediments; some researchers in fact claim that the origin of certain known petroleum reservoirs can be traced to specific sedimentary source rocks.

Abiogenic theory maintains that petroleum can be synthesized from fluids and gases beneath the earth's crust by simple chemical processes. Though no actual mechanism allowing widespread migration of petroleum from below the earth's crust has been empirically verified, several plausible mechanisms have been suggested. For example, large quantities of fluids and gases could migrate quickly into the crust along the numerous deep-seated faults in its base, while smaller amounts could migrate by diffusion at a molecular level. Recent findings appear to support the efforts of abiogenic theorists. Analyses of surface sediments suggest that intracrustal petroleum migration can occur much more quickly than biogenic theory predicts. In addition, the alleged sedimentary source rocks for several immense petroleum deposits have been determined to be insufficiently rich in organic matter, according to biogenic theory, to have yielded the amount of petroleum contained in those deposits. Finally, porphyrins have now been identified in meteorites, which calls into question their presumed organic origin. Regardless of their origin, though, porphyrins could simply become incorporated into migrating petroleum as it passes through certain rock formations.